I will.
Welcome back.
So let's quickly go to the approach that we discussed for the diameter.
It's fine this F and g functions.
So.
Um.
Yeah.
So this is the normal input.
It.
I already assumed.
And.
So the input is done.
And what I need to do is just say, Davis.
What I'll do is I'll perform Davis.
I can do one as a rule, not as minus one as it's apparent initially.
So let's just perform a normal day of this.
There are two ways we can solve it using via Facebook and solve it using DFS.
We can already using because then with memorisation we can try all three approaches.
But I'm going with the DFS approach because.
That's what we should be doing because that's the most easiest approach.
Otherwise, it's completely your choice.
Whatever you want to do.
You can write.
So.
All right, know what's happening?
This is normal DFS.
So what does DFS do?
Nothing.
But it will just perform.
A normal of people on their DFS overall.
They got it.
Now let's take two areas, which is F and and E and rate.
And we have defined F and G your video.
Very different.
Yeah.
If so closely.
Let's get clear of any node.
And so far decoded is nothing but max of the X +182 basically let me just correct.
Well.
So for all the values of its children, plus one will be d d.
If the x is zero, then it will automatically take one value.
And what's the second thing?
In Italy, f India filled with zero eight.
And what is the second thing?
What is F?
Yeah.
What if current afternoon it is nothing but two plus max two values of 684 How can I take max two values
index one very simple.
Just take a vector push back these values just push back the values in the vector start the vector in
the reverse manner and just take two plus the first two values.
And what can be the second part here?
If I don't want to use Vector and I don't want some extra space, I can just take two variables.
It's called Max one and Max two.
So initially we'll just formulate them zero and five.
And after performing the DFS, what I do them, what I would see, I would simply say that F of current
is nothing but the.
Oh, yeah.
Duplass Max of OnePlus.
Max of two.
Correct because Max and Max two will have the maximum to valued objects.
Right.
How can I store the maximum to values objects?
Think about it, and it will be very easy if you try a simple approach.
Yep.
So very simple.
What we do is we just keep two variables called max one and Max two.
So let's say the values of these two variables on a number line of this, initially the values is values
zero.
But I'm just taking a case where the values are, let's say one and then 800, sorry.
Did it in a reverse manner.
Yeah.
So this is Max two and this is maximum only two.
This is standards and it is one.
So let's say new value comes and.
It is greater than max when nature if the value is greater than max, when it is equal to 28.
So what I would say is that Max one is equal to this value eight And before marking Max, when it equal
to this value, I'll just see that max two is equal to maximum.
Correct because I knew we're looking at 20.
So Max, when should we?
20 and max we should be ten.
So I will perform these two steps.
The second phase can be there.
The value lies between Max one and Max two.
In this second case, the second case max one won't change eight.
So if the maximum won't change, then I can simply.
Not change it and simply say that Max, too, is equal to this value.
It's one one separate because we don't have a change max one.
And what is the third case if the value is less than max two.
If the values less in max two, then what we can do is.
Impolite.
Not do anything because if the values lesson makes true, then Max, when released in Max one and Max
two, will still be max to eight.
Let me quickly quote that.
I will simply say if.
Yeah, for what?
Yeah.
We want to find out the max two values of this.
That's implicit if D of X is greater than max one.
Then what I will do is I simply mark Max who is equal to max one eight and see that max one is equal
to g of x.
Correct.
And the second thing is else, if D X is greater than Max.
Okay.
So if the new value that came to me is greater than only Max two.
Right.
And of course, it will be less than maximum, because that's why we are in the active case in this.
Give us.
What I'll do is that it's implicit in max twins equals two G of x.
So in this order, what we'll do is.
Performative is on stick.
This is just calculating deal for the current value.
It be for the current node.
And now by using this method, we can find out the max.
Two values.
Max two values of.
DEEKS So if if there are let's say if there's only one download, that means that we'll take the max
one and max two will be zero.
So in the end, what will happen max when less?
Do they?
So in this case, we have plus two.
No.
Right.
Why?
Because two wins for.
These what we see.
Yeah.
So two is actually connecting to subseries of it.
So what if there are no two subjects?
Eight and the first case can be.
What if it's a download rate to follow?
A download F of current cannot be equal to to eight.
Do something wrong in the solution right now.
Correct.
I hope you are understanding the whole point.
It Max one is the longer distance max two is the second longest is and we are connecting them.
So instead of saying this, what we can do is I can quickly change it.
We can quickly change this part.
And what I can say is in this part, I can simply say it, Max, two values of X plus one.
Just think about this.
Will this work?
Max, two of the explosion.
What?
And you know what I'm saying is find it the X values and do a plus one and take max two values and add
them.
Yeah, I think that will work.
Great.
So add Max to values of the.
Okay, so let's do this then.
Let's add the maximum two values of the X plus one instead of the x.
Let me write the x plus one, do x plus one plus one and this will be maximum.
Now, let's think of a case when there is no change.
So it's a if it's a leaf, not of this.
If will never work.
Max Wind and Max will remain zero and the diameter will be zero.
That's correct.
What if there's only one tail?
So if there's only one tail max, one will be failed.
Only max two will be zero.
And what will max when contain it will contain one plus order type.
So that will be the diameter or the sorry, not the diameter but the length of the.
But then what we want in effect eight.
And if there are two or more children, then it's very simple.
Maxim does makes it right.
I think this should work and we build it once.
And.
Okay.
So.
Finally we have performed DFS and DFS has filled all the values.
What I do is I will simply print F of one.
What does every one contain?
Because they started the DFS from the root.
Not before this.
See 12131425225, three, six.
And the length of the longest bodies for.
Yeah you can imagine it and you can also see it.
So we have found the values.
This is what we'll be doing in the future problem or we'll just performer DFS and try to find the values
and the values and the deep values and whatever we want to see in the next part.
Everyone.